I made a literally unwatchable YouTube
video and submitted it to the world's
most prestigious film festival and it
almost got accepted last summer I made a
video where I trained an AI to beat the
entire children's video game Pajama Sam
this turned out so long that people were
calling it a movie so I knew what I had
to do I had to submit it to Sundance the
world's most prestigious Film Festival
but right before clicking send I noticed
one little phrase no copyrighted content
and it turns out oh I forgot I don't
actually own the video game Pajama Sam
so I removed all of the copyrighted
gameplay music and sounds and what I
ended up with was
perfect oh I sent off this movie
and awaited film stardom and after 4
months I got an email that would change
my life from the director of Sundance
which said unfortunately we were unable
to find a space for your project at the
Festival this year blah blah blah but
but then he said the quality of the
films we received it gets higher and
higher every year so this was not an
easy decision my movie with literally
nothing in it was high quality I am now
an official Sundance Film Festival
reject and now you can watch the full
movie Live on YouTube